Add Blog Post for Volume Populator GA (#49542)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2025-05-08-volume-populators-ga/index.md

metadata:
  name: pvc1
spec:
  ...
  dataSourceRef:
    apiGroup: provider.example.com
    kind: Provider
    name: provider1
```

## What is new

There are four major enhancements from beta.

### Populator Pod is optional

During the beta phase, contributors to Kubernetes identified potential resource leaks with PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC) deletion while volume population was in progress; these leaks happened due to limitations in finalizer handling.
Ahead of the graduation to general availability, the Kubernetes project added support to delete temporary resources (PVC prime, etc.) if the original PVC is deleted.

To accommodate this, we've introduced three new plugin-based functions:
* `PopulateFn()`: Executes the provider-specific data population logic.
* `PopulateCompleteFn()`: Checks if the data population operation has finished successfully.
* `PopulateCleanupFn()`: Cleans up temporary resources created by the provider-specific functions after data population is completed

A provider example is added in [lib-volume-populator/example](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/lib-volume-populator/tree/master/example).

### Mutator functions to modify the Kubernetes resources

> For GA, the Volume Populator Controller added a MutatorConfig, allowing the specification of mutator functions to modify Kubernetes resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GA, the CSI volume populator controller code gained a `MutatorConfig`, allowing the specification of mutator functions to modify Kubernetes resources.
```

Author: Because the volume populator lib itself is a lib, it is part of a more provider specific implementation. Providers' own volume populator need to use the lib for the interface and APIs etc. 

So it is not an "example", the examples are just something we provide for the provider for reference.

Author: Modified, and squashed the commits.
